1 ::: Oscar et la dame rose (2009) ::: drama ::: Listening in to a conversation between his doctor and parents	 10-year-old Oscar learns what nobody has the courage to tell him. He only has a few weeks to live. Furious	 he refuses to speak to anyone except straight-talking Rose	 the lady in pink he meets on the hospital stairs. As Christmas approaches	 Rose uses her fantastical experiences as a professional wrestler	 her imagination	 wit and charm to allow Oscar to live life and love to the full	 in the company of his friends Pop Corn	 Einstein	 Bacon and childhood sweetheart Peggy Blue.																							
2 ::: Cupid (1997) ::: thriller ::: A brother and sister with a past incestuous relationship have a current murderous relationship. He murders the women who reject him and she murders the women who get too close to him.																																
3 ::: Young	 Wild and Wonderful (1980) ::: adult ::: As the bus empties the students for their field trip to the Museum of Natural History	 little does the tour guide suspect that the students are there for more than just another tour. First	 during the lecture films	 the coeds drift into dreams of the most erotic fantasies one can imagine. After the films	 they release the emotion of the fantasies in the most erotic and uncommon ways. One slips off to the curator's office for a little "acquisition. " Another finds the anthropologist to see what bones can be identified. Even the head teacher isn't immune. Soon the tour is over	 but as the bus departs	 everyone admits it was quite an education.																									
4 ::: The Secret Sin (1915) ::: drama ::: To help their unemployed father make ends meet	 Edith and her twin sister Grace work as seamstresses . An invalid	 Grace falls prey to the temptations of Chinatown opium and becomes an addict	 a condition worsened by a misguided physician who prescribes morphine to ease her pain. When their father strikes oil	 the family enjoys a new prosperity and the sisters meet the eligible Jack Herron	 a fellow oil prospector. To Grace's shock	 Jack falls in love with Edith and in her jealousy	 Grace tells Jack that Edith	 not she	 has a drug problem. Hinting that her sister will soon need more morphine	 Grace arranges for a dinner in Chinatown with the couple. While her sister and Jack dance	 Grace slips away to an opium den. Edith follows her	 but ends up in the wrong den and is arrested in an ensuing drug raid. After he bails her out of jail	 Edith takes an angry Jack to search for Grace and stumbles across her half-conscious body lying in the street. The truth about the sisters is revealed	 and after sending Grace to a sanitarium in the country	 Jack and Edith are married.																	
5 ::: The Unrecovered (2007) ::: drama ::: The film's title refers not only to the un-recovered bodies at ground zero	 but also to the state of the nation at large. Set in the hallucinatory period of time between September 11 and Halloween of 2001	 The Unrecovered examines the effect of terror on the average mind	 the way a state of heightened anxiety and/or alertness can cause the average person to make the sort of imaginative connections that are normally made only by artists and conspiracy theorists-both of whom figure prominently in this film. The Unrecovered explores the way in which irony	 empathy	 and paranoia relate to one another in the wake of 9/11.																											
6 ::: Quality Control (2011) ::: documentary ::: Quality Control consists of a series of 16mm single take shots filmed in the summer of 2010	over a two day period	 in a dry cleaners facility in Pritchard	 Alabama	 near Mobile	 Quality Control exhibits the acts as well the conditions around labor and showcases	 in Everson's words "the fine folks of Alabama producing a superior product." It is similar stylistically	 in form and rhythm	 to certain scenarios in Everson's award-winning and critically acclaimed previous films	 including Erie (IFFR 2010) and in thematic concerns to several other short form works which follow the daily	 quotidian tasks of workers in rest and in motion	 and is an oblique sequel	 ten years hence	 to Everson's Creative Capital granted project A Week in the Hole (2001)	 which focused on an employee's adjustment to materials	 time	 space and personnel. Quality Control consists of a series of 16mm single take shots	 filmed over a two day period in the summer of 2010	 in a dry cleaners facility in Pritchard	 Alabama	 near Mobile. Quality Control exhibits the acts as well the conditions around labor. It is similar stylistically	 in form and rhythm	 to certain scenarios in Everson's award-winning and critically acclaimed previous films	 including Erie (IFFR 2010) and in thematic concerns to several other short form works which follow the daily	 quotidian tasks of workers in rest and in motion	 including the factory routine captured in the short film A Week in the Hole (2001)	 which focused on an employee's adjustment to materials	 time	 space and personnel. Principal cast includes Shay Wright and Annette Speight.				
7 ::: "Pink Slip" (2009) ::: comedy ::: In tough economic times Max and Joey have all but run out of ideas until	 they discover that senior housing is cheap. Not only that but Max's aunt just kicked the bucket and no one knows yet. In a hilarious series that always keeps you on your toes	 the two friends take us on a cross-dressing	 desperate and endearing ride through being broke.																													
8 ::: One Step Away (1985) ::: crime ::: Ron Petrie (Keanu Reeves) is a troubled teen whose life is hanging by a thread	 as he's on the verge of suspension from school	 subject to arrest for breaking and entering	 and the cause of his single mother's impending eviction from her apartment. Unless he can find a resolution	 his only option seems to be life of street crime.																												
9 ::: "Desperate Hours" (2016) ::: reality-tv ::: A sudden calamitous event	 causing great loss of life	 damage	 or hardship	 like a flood	 a tornado	 an airplane crash	 or an earthquake. This is not only a documentary but a live account of dramatic events in real time. In this unique 13- part series you'll be an eyewitness to some of the greatest disasters of the last 100 years and you will have a rare opportunity to compare disasters across time and distance and decide which you think is the worst.																									
10 ::: Spirits (2014/I) ::: horror ::: Four high school students embark on a terrifying journey through ShadowView Manor 2 years after a horrifying séance gone wrong. Intern Raven	 decides to reconnect with her elementary school friends Kota	 William	 and Jessica by bringing them to her new workplace	 ShadowView Manor for a bit of paranormal investigating. Hearing more forbidden secrets from the night janitor sends them into a dark descending spiral of terror.																												
11 ::: The Spirit World: Ghana (2016) ::: documentary ::: Tom Beacham explores Ghana with Director of Photography Alex Holberton	 in search of Spirits. The film looks at the overlap between the spirit world and the physical world	 voodoo	 witchcraft	 the power of the Holy Spirit and magic. They meet with royal family members	 magicians and voodoo priests as well as getting rare footage of a full Voodoo Ceremony.																											
12 ::: In the Gloaming (1997) ::: drama ::: Danny	 dying of Aids	 returns home for his last months. Always close to his mother	 they share moments of openness that tend to shut out Danny's father and his sister.																													
13 ::: Pink Ribbons: One Small Step (2009) ::: documentary ::: A sister's breast cancer diagnosis and her brother's need to take action. Highlighting the events that took place during Franke's participation in the Susan G. Komen 3-Day Walk	 including the training and fund-raising events in the six months preceding the Walk. It includes numerous interviews with breast cancer survivors who share the wealth of their experience with the viewer. Also included are appearances by local celebrities	 athletes and musical artists	 as well as informative interviews with health care professionals who explain what we should all know about dealing with this illness. This is the film the doctor should have given my sister before she left his office that fateful day. So I made this film for my sister	 and for all our sisters... that they would always remember	 "You are not alone."																											
14 ::: Interrabang (1969) ::: thriller ::: A photographer is sailing with his wife	 her sister and his nympho-maniacal model. He leaves the three women alone to get a part for his boat. A mysterious man shows up	 who might be an escaped criminal the police are searching for. This doesn't alarm the three women too much	 and he rapidly seduces all three of them.																													
15 ::: The Glass Menagerie (1973) ::: drama ::: Amanda Wingfield dominates her children with her faded gentility and exaggerated tales of her Southern belle past. Her son plans escape; her daughter withdraws into a dream world. When a "gentleman caller" appears	 things move to crisis point. Amanda is faced with the dilemma of a dependent life	 for both her remaining years	 but more importantly	 for her dependent daughter	 Laura. Amanda struggles to use the only means she has at her disposable to secure a future for her frightened and fragile "spinster" daughter.																											
16 ::: Night Call (2016) ::: drama ::: Simon's world is turned upside down when his little girl Katie is abducted during a family day out. After weeks of searching and appeals Simon decides to punish himself by offering a young prostitute with mounting debts	 life changing money to end his life.																															
17 ::: Babylon Vista (2001) ::: comedy ::: Frankie Reno was a child star on a TV show. But that was thirty years ago. Now he's busy making ends meet running "Babylon Vista"	 a Hollywood apartment inhabited by has-beens and wannabees - with more stories than rent payments. Frankie slowly finds himself getting sucked into the bizarre world of his dysfunctional tenants.																															
18 ::: "Wo Grafen schlafen - Eine Schlösser-Reise" (2014) ::: documentary ::: The story of the Castle and Family of Norbert Salburg-Falkenstein	 Commander of the Knights of Malte for Österreich and Bohemia	 who married the daughter of a naval commander from Sweden and was able to restore the family property correctly with her help. A Wagnerian opera singer sings Welsh and Wagnerian music in the video	 one of a series on how the nobility of Deutschland and Österreich live in the various castles. Lively and fun commentary from the TV hosts	 one of whom is a descendant himself of the great Hapsburg dynasty.																												
19 ::: "Roller Warriors" (2009) ::: sport ::: Modern roller derby began in Austin	 TX in 2001 and quickly spread worldwide	 creating hundreds of leagues	 in places like Kansas City where small leagues run "by the skater	 for the skater" were started. This "new" roller derby is real	 no fake fighting	 no story lines	 just action-packed pulse thumping action. The Kansas City Roller Warriors are one of the premier leagues in the country	 winning the National Championship in 2007	 and are back for their 2008 season. Roller Warriors follows the home season when the four home teams; the Black-Eye Susans	 Dreadnought Dorothys	 Knockouts	 and Victory Vixens take it to the track to compete for a league championship. The Dreadnought Dorothys are the undefeated back-to-back league champions and team to beat. The Knockouts are the self described "prettiest team in the league" and are setting out to keep their reputation and win a few games along the way. The Victory Vixens were winless throughout the last season and under new leadership are hoping to turn things around. The Black-Eye Susans are packed with newcomers and are trying to keep up with teams filled with more veterans than new skaters. The 2008 season also brings the Texas Rollergirls	 the originators of the modern game	 to town for an important interleague bout. The Kansas City All-Stars had never beaten the "mothers of roller derby" but this year	 with the confidence a national title brings	 things could be different. Roller Warriors explores the origins of the Kansas City Roller Warriors when a couple of librarians named Brooke and Mandy thought it would be fun to get on skates and knock each other around in a parking lot. Brooke and Mandy became Dirty Britches and Princess Anna Conda and have now grown to a league with 80 women and thousands of fans. These women are police officers	 massage therapists	 FedEx drivers and bartenders but when they get on the track	 they're known as Patti Wackin	 Annie Maul	 Maiden Hell	 Boobarella	 Snot Rocket	 and Ivana Clobber.								
20 ::: Bird Idol (2010) ::: animation ::: The story revolves around a bird called 'Hummi' who is not happy with the bird music and is greatly impressed by human music and how he introduces human music to the bird music by entering into a competition called Bird Idol and with his genuine effort he puts himself and his parents into trouble.																																
21 ::: O Signo das Tetas (2016) ::: drama ::: The Road of Milk narrates in existential drama tones the story of a man searching for his lost time	 traveling across the roads of Brazil's countryside	 making their way back to their homeland. In this journey	 he will find his way to sign his past that will remake your life and show you the path of salvation. He is on the threshold between reason and madness	 between salvation and death.																												
22 ::: Söderpojkar (1941) ::: comedy ::: A gang of unemployed itinerant musicians play in the south of Stockholm. Then they get the chance to be an orchestra in a dance restaurant. It goes well until the female owner falls in love with one of them.																																
23 ::: Tunnel Vision (1976) ::: comedy ::: A committee investigating TV's first uncensored network examines a typical day's programming	 which includes shows	 commercials	 news programs	 you name it. What they discover will surely crack you up! This outrageous and irreverent spoof of television launched the careers of some of the greatest comedians of all time. This 1976 film tries to predict what American television will be like in the year 1985. Tunnelvision is America's first "uncensored and free" television network. Although wildly popular	 it is also blamed for increased crime and unemployment. Christian A. Broder	 president and founder of Tunnelvision	 is called to defend his network in front of a Senate sub-committee. The sub-committee decides to view excerpts from a "typical" day of Tunnelvision broadcasting. What follows is a series of brief skits lampooning television	 including cop shows	 news broadcasts	 situation comedies	 and (of course) commercials.																					
24 ::: Wedded Bliss? (2002) ::: drama ::: Wedded Bliss? explores the perception that one's wedding and one's newly wedded life are the most perfect	 most romantic time of one's life. The reality of so many people from two families coming together is almost always "miscommunication". These always start small and become bigger. This baggage becomes a big distraction for the new couple as they struggle to adapt to their new space. This story is of such a couple who are drawn apart as they go through this process.																															
25 ::: Cheongchun highway (1973) ::: action ::: Dong-woo is released from prison after a short time following his failed attempt to rob a watch shop. He decides to follow in his brother's footsteps and become a singer. His popularity soon eclipses his brother's	 however	 leading to unexpected jealousy and family problems																														
26 ::: The Sandman (????/I) ::: fantasy ::: A wizard attempting to capture Death to bargain for eternal life traps her younger brother Dream instead. Fearful for his safety	 the wizard kept him imprisoned in a glass bottle for decades. After his escape	 Dream	 also known as Morpheus	 goes on a quest for his lost objects of power.																												
27 ::: Riding Shotgun (2004) ::: short ::: Brian Wallace is a cameraman for the hit TV show	 'Riding Shotgun'. A minute ago	 he was hauling ass down an alley	 trying to keep up with two cops chasing some gang members. Then he made a wrong turn	 and got separated from the damn cops. Now there's a knife at his throat	 and he's face to face with a notorious young gang leader named Magic. For the rest of the day	 Brian will find himself rolling with Magic and his gang	 irresistibly caught up in their struggle to solidify a permanent truce with an enemy gang. Before the opportunity is destroyed by those who are blind to it...																									
28 ::: The Day Mars Invaded Earth (1963) ::: sci-fi ::: The Martians are actually protecting themselves from US!!. - since the Earth probe landed on their planet they are taking measures to ensure their security by replacing our scientists with doppelgangers who report nothing. A very insightful film that was under-rated and ahead of it's time	 with a 1963 vision of a primitive mars rover.																															
29 ::: The Blue Boy (1994) ::: thriller ::: Marie is an insecure housewife whose husband	 Joe	 is having an affair. The two of them take a holiday to rural Scotland	 but by sheer bad luck	 end up at the hotel Joe uses for his "getaways." There	 Marie is told the story of a young boy who drowned in a nearby lake long ago	 and finds herself becoming more and more obsessed with his ghost.																										
30 ::: Cracked Not Broken (2007) ::: documentary ::: Coming from an upper-middle class background with a good education	 close friends and family members (she has one adolescent daughter)	 37 year old Canadian Lisa seemed to be the least likely person to get caught up in the dangerous and self-destructive world of crack addiction and prostitution (which is how she funds her habit). She discusses in a very honest	 open and articulate manner here in the film's intimate setting (her Toronto hotel room to be precise) just what led her down this tragic path that she currently finds herself in	 and how she ultimately wants nothing more than to reach full sobriety someday so as to not only return to some semblance of a normal life as a mother	 daughter and friend but to hopefully educate and help others	 specifically women	 who have found themselves in a similar situation as hers.																									
31 ::: Love Bites (2018) ::: horror ::: Hollywood has long since been a haven for vampires and other underworld creatures. They have used the industry to fashion their own lore while protecting them from a human society. Detective Peter King becomes involved personally and professionally with Osvanna Moore	 once scream queen	 now horror studio mogul and a 400 year old vampire. Together they try to outpace a serial killer who has targeted Osvanna and much of her vampire clan...The Vampires of Hollywood.																														
32 ::: 7 días con Alberto Corazón (2015) ::: documentary ::: The objective of this documentary is to convey in an exciting way who is Alberto Corazón. His work	 his career	 his creative process	 his contribution to Spanish culture. His personality	 his character and his ideas. Its contribution to the Spanish culture - especially the visual culture - through the recognition of marks and symbols	 corporate identities	 industrial designs	 objects and signs. His creative process	 showing closely and transparently how he create. His trajectory	 linked to the recent history of Spain. His work in the broadest sense	 including editorial design	 posters	 wall paintings	 sundials	 objects	 paintings	 sculptures	 books. His personality	 char
